README.md, before:

## About CS61A
The CS 61 series is an introduction to computer science, with particular emphasis on software and on machines from a programmer's point of view.

1. CS 61A concentrates on the idea of abstraction, allowing the programmer to think in terms appropriate to the problem rather than in low-level operations dictated by the computer hardware.
2. CS 61B deals with the more advanced engineering aspects of software, such as constructing and analyzing large programs.
3. CS 61C focuses on machines and how they execute programs.

In CS 61A, we are interested in teaching you about programming, not about how to use one particular programming language. We consider a series of techniques for managing program complexity, such as functional programming and object-oriented programming.

CS 61A primarily uses the Python 3 programming language. Python is a popular language in both industry and academia. It is also particularly well-suited to the task of exploring the topics taught in this course. It is an open-source language developed by a large volunteer community that prides itself on the diversity of its contributors.

Mastery of a particular programming language is a very useful side effect of CS 61A. However, our goal is not to dictate what language you use in your future endeavors. Instead, our hope is that once you have learned the concepts involved in programming, you will find that picking up a new programming language is but a few days' work. In fact, you will be asked to learn at least two other languages, Scheme and SQL, during the course. A complete list of lecture topics, readings, and assignments appears in the lecture schedule.

*FROM: https://cs61a.org/articles/about-61a/*

## Relative Links
1. Official Website: https://cs61a.org/articles/about-61a/
2. Where I learn this course: [CSDIY.WIKI](https://csdiy.wiki/%E7%BC%96%E7%A8%8B%E5%85%A5%E9%97%A8/Python/CS61A/#_1)
3. Textbook: [SICP for Python](https://www.composingprograms.com/)
4. Online Editor:https://code.cs61a.org/
5. Past Paper: https://cs61a.org/resources/
6. 24Fall Backup: https://lyvelf.github.io/cs61a-fa24-backup/
7. Other Backup: https://github.com/EricJiang0423/cs61a-24fa-backup (forked from [hqhq1025/cs61a-24fa-backup](https://github.com/hqhq1025/cs61a-24fa-backup))

## My Timeline
20250210: Learn about this course and plan to start. Also, create this repository.

## All things considered:
All resources and assignment implementations used by @PKUFlyingPig in taking this course are summarised in [PKUFlyingPig/CS61A - GitHub](https://github.com/PKUFlyingPig/CS61A). (Take it as a reference answer)

All things considered Just Click [Backup CS61a 24fall](https://lyvelf.github.io/cs61a-fa24-backup/) To Learn This Course in 2024fall (Thank you @lyvelf)

**Let's Start!**

Commit message:

Finish the Lab00, Lab01, Hw01.

README.md, after:

## About CS61A
The CS 61 series is an introduction to computer science, with particular emphasis on software and on machines from a programmer's point of view.

1. CS 61A concentrates on the idea of abstraction, allowing the programmer to think in terms appropriate to the problem rather than in low-level operations dictated by the computer hardware.
2. CS 61B deals with the more advanced engineering aspects of software, such as constructing and analyzing large programs.
3. CS 61C focuses on machines and how they execute programs.

In CS 61A, we are interested in teaching you about programming, not about how to use one particular programming language. We consider a series of techniques for managing program complexity, such as functional programming and object-oriented programming.

CS 61A primarily uses the Python 3 programming language. Python is a popular language in both industry and academia. It is also particularly well-suited to the task of exploring the topics taught in this course. It is an open-source language developed by a large volunteer community that prides itself on the diversity of its contributors.

Mastery of a particular programming language is a very useful side effect of CS 61A. However, our goal is not to dictate what language you use in your future endeavors. Instead, our hope is that once you have learned the concepts involved in programming, you will find that picking up a new programming language is but a few days' work. In fact, you will be asked to learn at least two other languages, Scheme and SQL, during the course. A complete list of lecture topics, readings, and assignments appears in the lecture schedule.

*FROM: https://cs61a.org/articles/about-61a/*

## Relative Links
1. Official Website: https://cs61a.org/articles/about-61a/
2. Where I learn this course: [CSDIY.WIKI](https://csdiy.wiki/%E7%BC%96%E7%A8%8B%E5%85%A5%E9%97%A8/Python/CS61A/#_1)
3. Textbook: [SICP for Python](https://www.composingprograms.com/)
4. Online Editor:https://code.cs61a.org/
5. Past Paper: https://cs61a.org/resources/
6. 24Fall Backup: https://lyvelf.github.io/cs61a-fa24-backup/
7. Other Backup: https://github.com/EricJiang0423/cs61a-24fa-backup (forked from [hqhq1025/cs61a-24fa-backup](https://github.com/hqhq1025/cs61a-24fa-backup))

## My Timeline
- 20250210: Learn about this course and plan to start. Also, create this repository.
- 20250213: Finish the Lab00, Lab01, Hw01. Finish Function Videos

**Progresses**
- Lab: 2/12
- HW: 1/11
- Project: 0/4

## All things considered:
All resources and assignment implementations used by @PKUFlyingPig in taking this course are summarised in [PKUFlyingPig/CS61A - GitHub](https://github.com/PKUFlyingPig/CS61A). (Take it as a reference answer)

All things considered Just Click [Backup CS61a 24fall](https://lyvelf.github.io/cs61a-fa24-backup/) To Learn This Course in 2024fall (Thank you @lyvelf)

**Let's Start!**
